pages/index.md, before:

---
title: I am Per Nilsson.
description: Per will take control over your project.
---

- I help businesses realize digital strategy.
- I work through scenarios and desired outcomes to ensure the right thing is being built.
- I manage digital product development end-to-end.

![Per Nilsson - Headshot](./per-nilsson-headshot.jpg)

## Background

I've always been attracted to the immediately practical use of knowledge. I cut my teeth on the web by putting up simple websites usable by anyone, which to me was more interesting than diving into theoretical computer science and algorithm optimization. Perhaps that's why I chose to study the nascent field of interaction design in college. This is where I learned to put the user first, and that all the technology in the world can't help you unless you're applying design thinking to the (right) problem.

After college, armed with an understanding of design's crucial importance to the success of any product or service, I began applying this knowledge to my software development practice. I've now been a professional software developer for 10 years.

## How I run digital teams.
I lead multi-disciplinary teams building digital products. That's a mouthful. What does that entail?
- I listen to stakeholders' requirements to form a cohesive picture of the problem to solve.
- I list assumptions, and then talk to real users. This usually invalidates most assumptions, grounding the team in reality, not fiction.
- I then identify what the minimum viable product is. And I don't kid around when I say "minimum viable". The name of the game is to deliver value, quickly. **First to market often ends up owning the market.**

### What about the team?
- I choose the right team members, or choose the right roles for the team provided.
- I choose well-proven tools and processes, providing enough structure to help the team make everyday decisions. This saves people's creative energy for the decisions that matter.
- I coordinate work, making sure tasks are well-defined with clear owners, and that folks have the information they need.
- I trust the team to make good decisions, letting each person own their own work.

### This is the work of a PM. But that's just getting started.
- Together with the team, and a whiteboard, we brainstorm user flows and interfaces for the experience, and then produce lightweight documentation. Just enough to clearly and unambiguously communicate the intent. More technical flows deserve more detailed documentation.
- I work with designers who are comfortable creating interfaces directly in code, eliminating the waste of non-interactive, static comps for every possible screen or mode.
- I work with developers who take ownership of the whole product, not just writing a feature to spec. This leads to higher quality, better tested software.
- Working in a cadence of single-digit week sprints, I drive the team to make simple choices and deliver value fast, and continuously validate what we've built with real users.

### "That sounds great, but technology is hard."
- I pick the simplest combination of off-the-shelf and open-source technology that will scale acceptably. The goal is to write as little custom code as possible.
- I set rigorous standards for test coverage and peer code reviews, and I watch code changes for quality and consistency.
- I set up continuous integration tools that make it easy for team members to do the right thing, and that keeps the build always up to date for stakeholders and user testing.

The end result is highly usable products and experiences, built on a foundation of maintainable code.

## Get in touch
If you want to work with me, you can reach me via per@sproutlab.com, or give me a call at +1 (512) 550-7241.

Commit message:

Add links to Twitter, Github and Linkedin
Omit Medium for now - nothing much there

pages/index.md, after:

---
title: I am Per Nilsson.
description: Per will take control over your project.
---

- I help businesses realize digital strategy.
- I work through scenarios and desired outcomes to ensure the right thing is being built.
- I manage digital product development end-to-end.

![Per Nilsson - Headshot](./per-nilsson-headshot.jpg)

## Background

I've always been attracted to the immediately practical use of knowledge. I cut my teeth on the web by putting up simple websites usable by anyone, which to me was more interesting than diving into theoretical computer science and algorithm optimization. Perhaps that's why I chose to study the nascent field of interaction design in college. This is where I learned to put the user first, and that all the technology in the world can't help you unless you're applying design thinking to the (right) problem.

After college, armed with an understanding of design's crucial importance to the success of any product or service, I began applying this knowledge to my software development practice. I've now been a professional software developer for 10 years.

## How I run digital teams.
I lead multi-disciplinary teams building digital products. That's a mouthful. What does that entail?
- I listen to stakeholders' requirements to form a cohesive picture of the problem to solve.
- I list assumptions, and then talk to real users. This usually invalidates most assumptions, grounding the team in reality, not fiction.
- I then identify what the minimum viable product is. And I don't kid around when I say "minimum viable". The name of the game is to deliver value, quickly. **First to market often ends up owning the market.**

### What about the team?
- I choose the right team members, or choose the right roles for the team provided.
- I choose well-proven tools and processes, providing enough structure to help the team make everyday decisions. This saves people's creative energy for the decisions that matter.
- I coordinate work, making sure tasks are well-defined with clear owners, and that folks have the information they need.
- I trust the team to make good decisions, letting each person own their own work.

### This is the work of a PM. But that's just getting started.
- Together with the team, and a whiteboard, we brainstorm user flows and interfaces for the experience, and then produce lightweight documentation. Just enough to clearly and unambiguously communicate the intent. More technical flows deserve more detailed documentation.
- I work with designers who are comfortable creating interfaces directly in code, eliminating the waste of non-interactive, static comps for every possible screen or mode.
- I work with developers who take ownership of the whole product, not just writing a feature to spec. This leads to higher quality, better tested software.
- Working in a cadence of single-digit week sprints, I drive the team to make simple choices and deliver value fast, and continuously validate what we've built with real users.

### "That sounds great, but technology is hard."
- I pick the simplest combination of off-the-shelf and open-source technology that will scale acceptably. The goal is to write as little custom code as possible.
- I set rigorous standards for test coverage and peer code reviews, and I watch code changes for quality and consistency.
- I set up continuous integration tools that make it easy for team members to do the right thing, and that keeps the build always up to date for stakeholders and user testing.

The end result is highly usable products and experiences, built on a foundation of maintainable code.

## Get in touch
Find me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/persproutlab), [Github](https://github.com/coopy), and [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sproutlab).

If you want to work with me, you can reach me via per@sproutlab.com, or give me a call at +1 (512) 550-7241.
